Jim: FALLING DOWN A 30-FOOT
PIT, NEARLY DROWNING.
YOU'VE BEEN THROUGH
QUITE AN ORDEAL!
JUST ANOTHER TYPICAL
DAY AROUND HERE.
GOOD POINT.
OUR LIVES
AREN'T THAT STRANGE.
[GROWLING]
AAH!
HEY! THOSE TWO ARE
THROWIN' A WOBBLY AGAIN!
A WHAT?
AAH!
WOW, THAT WAS WEIRD.
EVEN FOR THIS PLACE.
I FELT THOSE
STRANGE VIBES AGAIN.
WELL DONE! GOOD ON YA!
THAT COULD MEAN
JADEN'S IN TROUBLE!
THE ENERGY CONCENTRATION
IS RISING.
I MUST BE CLOSE.
MOVING IN.
ALL RIGHT, BRODIE.
TIME TO START THINKING
LIKE A SOLDIER
AND FAST!
I FOUND A WAY INTO THIS HOLE.
NOW IT'S TIME TO FIND A WAY OUT.
AND WHEN I DO,
I'M COMING AFTER YOU, VIPER!
EXCELLENT.
THANKS TO JADEN'S DUEL
WITH PROFESSOR STEIN,
I ALMOST HAVE
ALL THE ENERGY I NEED.
BE PATIENT, MY SON.
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
YOUR CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Crowler: PLEASE HAVE
YOUR INSURANCE FORMS
FILLED OUT IN TRIPLICATE!
THE NURSE WILL SEE
EVERYONE IN DUE TIME!
THERE'S NO NEED TO PANIC!
ALL RIGHT. BE SURE
TO GET SOME REST.
AND DUELING
IS OFF-LIMITS!
WHAT I MEAN IS TRY
NOT TO DO ANYTHING
THAT'S TOO STRENUOUS.
YES, MA'AM.
CROWLER...
THIS IS
A NURSE'S OFFICE,
NOT A HOSPITAL!
I DON'T HAVE ROOM
FOR THIS!
I ONLY COUNT 80 PATIENTS.
PLUS, THEY'RE NOT
EVEN SICK.
THEY'RE JUST TIRED.
WHAT WILL IT TAKE
FOR YOU TO ADMIT
THAT WE HAVE
A PROBLEM ON
OUR HANDS?
LOOK AROUND!
OUR STUDENTS
CAN BARELY STAND UP!
AND IT'S OUR FAULT.
WE AUTHORIZED VIPER'S
SURVIVAL DUELS!
AND BECAUSE OF
HIS BIOBANDS,
THERE'S AN EPIDEMIC
OF CHRONIC
FATIGUE SYNDROME!
I'M FEELING
BUSHED MYSELF.
PERHAPS IT'S TIME
I TOOK THAT VACATION.
YOU'RE NOT GOING ANYWHERE!
YOUR DERRIERE'S STAYING
PUT TILL WE FIX THIS!
AS FOR THE EXTRA STUDENTS,
THERE'S PLENTY OF ROOM
FOR THEM IN THE BLUE DORM.
THAT'S WHERE YOU'LL BE,
WHILE CROWLER AND I
MAN THE FORT!
FINALLY. A PLAN.
CAN I HAVE
YOUR ATTENTION?
IF YOU HAVEN'T
BEEN EXAMINED YET,
PLEASE FOLLOW ME
TO THE OBELISK
BLUE DORM!
GLAD IT'S
UNDER CONTROL.
I'LL JUST BE
ON MY WAY.
STOP RIGHT THERE.
THESE AREN'T MY ORDERS.
IN FACT, THIS EDICT
CAME STRAIGHT FROM
CHANCELLOR SHEPPARD!
HE CALLED MY OFFICE
MOMENTS AGO.
BUT HE WANTS TO
KEEP HIS INVOLVEMENT
A SECRET.
SO NOT A WORD.
MY LIPS ARE SEALED!
AH. I LOVE SECRETS,
ESPECIALLY JUICY ONES.
LIKE THE ONE ABOUT DOROTHY
WAXING HER UPPER LIP!
ENOUGH, CROWLER!
WE'VE GOT WORK TO DO!
AND THE FIRST
STEP IS TO TRACK
DOWN VIPER.
HE STARTED
THIS WHOLE MESS.
ALTHOUGH TO DO THAT,
WE NEED
AN UPDATE FROM
OUR STUDENT SPIES,
WHICH IS IMPOSSIBLE.
WHAT'S
THE PROBLEM?
SEE FOR YOURSELF.
THERE'S NO RECEPTION.
OUR LITTLE FRIENDS
ARE INCOMMUNICADO.
THIS IS TERRIBLE!
WE PAID A FORTUNE
FOR THAT!
[GROANS]
WILL YOU FOCUS?
VIPER MAY BE
ON TO US!
[VOICE OF CHILD]
JADEN...
WHY DON'T YOU PLAY
WITH ME ANYMORE?
WE USED TO BE
BEST FRIENDS.
WE DID?
YOU MAY HAVE
FORGOTTEN ME,
BUT I COULD NEVER
FORGET YOU.
AH, EARTH
TO JADEN.
RISE
AND SHINE.
THERE'S
NO SLEEPING
ON THE JOB.
OH, WAIT.
WHAT HAPPENED?
WELL, YOU WERE
DUELING OUR
HISTORY TEACHER,
PROFESSOR STEIN,
AND AFTER YOU WON,
YOU PASSED OUT.
HEY! WASN'T SYRUS
HERE, TOO?
YUP. BUT HE WAS SO
WORRIED ABOUT YOU,
HE RAN OFF
TO FIND HELP.
SOUNDS GOOD.
HOLD ON!
WITH VIPER OUT THERE,
NO ONE'S SAFE!
NO. UH!
OH, MAN.
[LAUGHING SINISTERLY]
WE WERE RIGHT. HE'S BEEN
STEALING OUR ENERGY!
AND IT ENDS NOW!
[GROANS]
JAY!
WHAT YOU NEED NOW
IS REST!
AND DON'T WORRY,
'CAUSE IF IT
COMES DOWN TO IT,
I'LL FACE VIPER
BY MYSELF!
THANKS, JESS,
BUT I GET THE FEELING
IT'S ME VIPER WANTS.
HUH?
YOU KNOW ME.
FOR SOME REASON, I'M A MAGNET
FOR POWER-HUNGRY LOONIES.
HA HA! AH, THE STORIES
I COULD TELL.
[DISTANT GROWLING]
LIKE, ONE TIME--
HOLD THAT THOUGHT.
LISTEN.
LISTEN TO WHAT?
SOMEONE'S
OUT THERE.
IS IT VIPER?
I TOLD YOU
HE WAS CLOSE BY.
IT'S SOMEONE ELSE.
WHO?
SOMEONE I'VE BEEN
LOOKING FOR
FOR A LONG TIME.
SOMEONE'S STALKING US.
IT'S A DUELIST
I MET YEARS AGO.
[MOANING]
GOLLY! IT'S
A DUEL SPIRIT!
EVERYTHING
ALL RIGHT,
LITTLE BUDDY?
A KID?
YUP.
YOU ALL RIGHT?
WAKE UP, PAL.
THAT GUY TOOK
MY BEST CARD.
HE WON THE DUEL,
THEN HE JUST
GRABBED IT AND RAN!
THE WEIRD THING IS,
IT'S NOT EVEN
THAT POWERFUL.
BUT MY DAD GAVE IT
TO ME, AND IT ALWAYS
BROUGHT ME LUCK.
WELL, WHO IS
THIS THIEF?
HIS NAME IS TRAPPER,
AND NOW I KNOW WHY,
'CAUSE HE DUELS
WITH A DECK FULL
OF STOLEN CARDS!
AND NOW
HE'S GOT MINE
IN HIS COLLECTION.
CAN YOU HELP ME
FIND HIM SO I CAN
GET MY CARD BACK?
DON'T WORRY
ABOUT A THING.
YOUR DECK WILL BE BACK
TO NORMAL IN A JIFFY.
THANKS.
DON'T MENTION IT.
AFTER ALL, I KNOW WHAT
IT'S LIKE TO HAVE A CLOSE
BOND WITH YOUR CARDS.
SO WHEREVER THIS
GUY IS, I'LL FIND HIM.
AND WHEN I DO,
I PROMISE YOU THIS,
HIS TRAPPING DAYS
WILL BE OVER!
Jesse, voice-over:
BUT I NEVER DID FIND HIM.
I CAME CLOSE
A FEW TIMES,
BUT TRAPPER CAUGHT ON
PRETTY QUICKLY
AND ALWAYS STAYED
ONE STEP AHEAD.
NOW, THIS MAY SOUND
CRAZY, BUT I SAW
HIM DOWN HERE.
YOU SURE?
[MAN CACKLING]
IS THAT...
YUP. I'D KNOW
THAT LAUGH ANYWHERE!
OKEY-DOKE, GENTS.
IT'S FEEDING TIME.
AND I SEE
FRESH MEAT!
WAIT!
LOOK OUT!
GREAT SCOTT!
NOT MY PEGASUS!
WHAT'S GOING ON?
IS IT TRAPPER?
THE ONE AND ONLY.
[TRAPPER CACKLING]
[PEGASUS NEIGHS]
NO!
NO WAY, BRO!
HE CAN TRAP
SPIRITS, TOO?
YOUR LITTLE PONY'S MINE NOW!
Jesse: TIGER,
COME ON BACK, BOY!
JADEN, STAY HERE.
HE'S MINE!
WAIT. UHH! JESSE!
WAIT!
BE...CAREFUL.
NO MORE GAMES,
TRAPPER!
YOU KIDDIN' ME?
MY WHOLE LIFE'S A GAME.
STEALING MONSTERS?
YOU CALL THAT A GAME?
THAT'S RIGHT!
NOW I RECKON
I'M READY TO PLAY.
HOW ABOUT YOU, BOY?
DO YOU NEED A LITTLE
INCENTIVE?
HOW WOULD YA LIKE
TO SEE YOUR HORSEY FRIEND
MADE INTO GLUE?
GIVE HIM BACK,
TRAPPER!
HEY, PAL,
DON'T WORRY
ABOUT A THING!
ALL RIGHT, FINE.
IF IT'S A DUEL
THAT YOU'RE
LOOKING FOR HERE,
GO AHEAD
AND DEAL ME IN!
IT AIN'T THAT EASY.
I ONLY PLAY FOR HIGH STAKES.
GO ON.
IF YOU WIN, MR. ED CAN
GO BACK TO THE STABLE
WITH THE OTHER
CRYSTAL BEASTS.
BUT IF'N YOU GET WHUPPED,
THEY'RE ALL MINE!
YOU'RE ON! LOSING
IS NOT REALLY
SOMETHING I DO!
THAT MAKES TWO OF US.
Together: GAME ON!
I RECKON I'LL START...
WITH THIS!
I'M FIXIN' TO PLAY
MY LURE PHANTOM...
AND THEN THREE
FACEDOWN CARDS.
NOW GIDDYAP!
FINE. DON'T MIND
IF I DO.
I SUMMON
CRYSTAL BEAST
AMETHYST CAT!
[GROWLING]
AND SHE'S NO HOUSE PET.
THIS LITTLE
KITTY CAT LIKES
TO PLAY ROUGH!
AND WHEN I GIVE UP
HALF OF MY LIFE POINTS,
YOU'LL SEE WHAT I MEAN!
NOW POUNCE DIRECTLY!
NOT SO FAST THERE,
YOU VARMINT!
MY CARD'S GOT
A SPECIAL EFFECT, TOO!
IF I SEND PHANTOM BACK TO
MY HAND, THE CAT GOES BACK!
[MOANS]
AH!
HOW'S THAT FOR
A CAT-APULT?
I'LL CATCH YOU!
SORRY, SQUIRT!
BUT THEY DON'T CALL ME
TRAPPER FOR NOTHING!
LOOK OUT!
NO! NOT AGAIN!
[CACKLING]
HERE, KITTY, KITTY!
YOU GIVE
HER BACK!
JESSE, HELP!
QUIT YOUR WHINING!
AT LEAST NOW YOU'RE
ON THE WINNING SIDE
OF THE FIELD FOR ONCE.
AND DON'T YOU WORRY,
SOON THE REST OF YOUR PALS
WILL JOIN YA HERE.
JUST A MATTER OF TIME.
TWO FACEDOWNS.
YOUR MOVE.
WELL, THAT'S MIGHTY
KIND OF YA!
I BRING BACK MY OL'
PAL, LURE PHANTOM!
THAT OLD DOOHICKEY
AGAIN?
JUST WAIT TILL
MY CAT COMES BACK!
WHY SHOULD WE WAIT?
SAY WHAT?
I'LL SET HER FREE...
WITH THIS,
MY DARK AUCTION!
THANKS TO
THIS HERE SPELL,
YOU DONE GOT
YOUR FLEABAG BACK...
FOR A SMALL PRICE, OF COURSE...
A FEW OF THEM LIFE POINTS!
JUST TAKE 'EM!
I GET ONE FOR EACH OF
YOUR CAT'S ATTACK POINTS!
[GROANING]
WELL, IT LOOKS
LIKE YOU'RE FREE.
NOW SCAT!
WHAT A CAT-ASTROPHE!
BUT I'M GLAD IT'S OVER!
IT'S JUST STARTING!
GO, HUNTING NET!
AAH!
NO!
[CACKLING]
GOOD THING
I HAD ME TWO!
THAT'S THE FIRST
RULE OF HUNTING!
ALWAYS COME PREPARED
WITH A BACK-UP NET
JUST IN CASE!
HEE HEE!
I DONE ME ENOUGH DAMAGE
FOR ONE TURN,
SO GO AHEAD.
UNLESS'N YOU
WANT TO QUIT.
NO WAY!
WHAT'S THE DEAL
WITH SAPPHIRE PEGASUS?
HE DON'T LOOK SO GOOD!
WHO? HIM? OH,
YOU'LL LOVE THIS.
NOW WATCH.
THESE HERE CAPSULES
AIN'T JUST PRISON CELLS.
THEY'RE MUCH MORE FUN.
SEE, DUEL SPIRITS
ARE MADE UP OF ENERGY,
ENERGY I CAN TAKE!
HOLD ON!
JUST WHAT DO YOU
MEAN BY TAKE?!
HA HA HA HA!
WHY DON'T I SHOW YOU?
AFTER ALL, ACTIONS
SPEAK LOUDER THAN WORDS.
READY?
[BUZZING]
MY CAPSULES
CAN EXTRACT ENERGY
AND THEN FEED THAT POWER
RIGHT BACK INTO MY DECK.
HA HA HA HA!
AH!
TRAPPER, YOU HAVE
NO RIGHT TO TREAT
THEM THIS WAY!
JUST WAIT.
YOU HAVEN'T SEEN
THE BEST PART!
WHAT'S THAT?
[BUZZING]
YOU CAN'T!
HA HA! BUT I JUST DID!
WEREN'T YOU WATCHING,
SQUIRT?
AND NOW HE'S MINE!
YOU'RE SICK!
OH, COME ON, NOW.
YOU KNOW A LITTLE PART
OF YOU ENJOYED THAT.
AND JUST WAIT,
'CAUSE YOUR
HORSEY'S NEXT!
AIN'T THAT RIGHT,
OL' BOY?
Trapper, thinking:
IF I KNOW THIS
WHIPPERSNAPPER,
I RECKON HE'LL
SEND IN HIS WHOLE
CRYSTAL BEAST ARMY
TO SAVE
THAT THERE HORSE.
AND I'M FIXIN' TO TRAP
EVERY ONE OF 'EM!
YOU BETTER GET YOURSELF
A BIGGER NET, TRAPPER,
'CAUSE I PLAY
CRYSTAL BEAST
AMBER MAMMOTH!
[TRUMPETS]
NOW ATTACK!
[GROWLING]
HA HA HA HA!
YOU CAN'T TAKE DOWN
AN ELEPHANT WITH A NET,
BUT YOU CAN WITH THIS--
MY CAPTURE SNARE!
SORRY, BIG FELLA!
HASTA LA VISTA,
BABY!
I'LL BE BACK!
NOT YOU, TOO,
AMBER MAMMOTH!
READ IT AND WEEP!
IN ORDER TO CAPTURE
YOUR MAMMOTH,
IT USES ANOTHER ONE OF
YOUR MONSTERS AS BAIT!
NOW WHAT TO DO
WITH HIM.
MAKE A NICE THROW RUG,
OR MOUNT THEM BIG OL' TUSKS
RIGHT ABOVE MY FIREPLACE?
THEN AGAIN, THINK OF
ALL THE POWER I
CAN GET FOR MY DECK
JUST BY PUSHIN' THIS
LITTLE BITTY RED BUTTON,
ALTHOUGH HE HASN'T
SUFFERED ENOUGH YET.
NOW, THERE'S STILL TIME,
YOU KNOW, FOR YOU
TO COME TO THE RESCUE
OF THESE HERE VARMINTS.
SO WHAT ARE YA GONNA
DO ABOUT THAT, BOY?
SEND A FEW MORE
MY WAY? HEE HEE!
WELL, WHAT ARE
YOU WAITIN' FOR?
IT'LL BE LIKE
A FAMILY REUNION!
[CACKLING]
HERE I COME, JAY!
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
HANG IN THERE!
UH, HELLO?
[GROWLING]
[SYRUS SCREAMING]
Alexis: UH, SYRUS?!
Hassleberry:
WHAT SEEMS TO BE THE
PROBLEM, PRIVATE?
CROC GOT YOUR BUTT?
Jim: ALL RIGHT, GIRL.
FUN'S OVER.
SO IS THE SARGE
ALL RIGHT?
HOW DID HE DO ON
THE BATTLEFIELD?
HE WON BUT BARELY.
MY MOVE!
I RECKON I'LL SACRIFICE
LURE PHANTOM TO SUMMON
INFERNAL BLASTHOUND!
WHEE, DOGGIE!
AND SINCE EVERYTHING
YOU GOT IS NOW DANGLING
IN A NET ABOVE MY SIDE
OF THE FIELD,
I MAY AS WELL ATTACK!
Jesse, thinking:
ALL RIGHT, JESSE...
YOU BETTER
TAKE CARE OF
THIS POOCH AND QUICK
OR YOU'RE GONNA END
UP DOG FOOD!
HERE GOES!
I PLAY MY TRAP--
G FORCE!
NOW INSTEAD OF
TARGETING ME,
YOUR DOG
ATTACKS A BEAST
IN MY HAND,
LIKE MY COBALT
EAGLE!
HELLO, CHIEF!
SHOWTIME!
NOT SO FAST!
YOU AIN'T THE ONLY ONE
WITH A TRAP!
TRAP JAMMER?!
[CHUCKLING SOFTLY]
YOU PROBABLY ALREADY
KNOW THIS,
BUT TRAP JAMMER NEGATES
ANY TRAP YOU PLAY!
SO MY BLASTHOUND STRIKES
YOU, NOT YOUR BIRDIE!
WOW. MISSED ME BY THAT MUCH!
BLASTHOUND, SIC 'EM
WHERE IT COUNTS!
[GROWLING]
AND JUST 'CAUSE MY DOGGIE
KNOCKED YOU ON YOUR BEHIND,
DOESN'T MEAN HE'S DONE!
THAT'S RIGHT, SQUIRT!
A SPECIAL EFFECT!
WHAT?
NOW A CARD IN YOUR HAND
IS DESTROYED!
HOW RUDE! BUT WAIT!
WOULD YA BELIEVE I
CAN'T BE DESTROYED?
ALLOW ME
TO DEMONSTRATE.
AHA! SO IT IS TRUE
WHAT THEY SAY!
INSTEAD OF GOIN'
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
THEY STAY ON THE FIELD!
MATTER OF FACT,
AIN'T THAT HOW YOU SUMMON
THAT RAINBOW DRAGON
FELLER?
NOW, THERE'S A MONSTER I'D
LIKE TO GET MY HANDS ON.
HOW DO YOU KNOW
ABOUT HIM?
THE CARD DOESN'T
EXIST YET!
BUT ITS SPIRIT DOES.
AND I'VE BEEN FIXIN'
TO TRAP THAT DRAGON
FOR NEARLY MY ENTIRE LIFE!
IN FACT, SQUIRT,
I KNOW MORE THAN YOU THINK,
LIKE WHERE THE TABLET
OF THE RAINBOW DRAGON
IS HIDDEN.
EVER HEAR OF A PLACE CALLED
THE VALLEY OF THE WORLD?
YOU'RE MAKIN' THIS UP!
I DON'T JOKE ABOUT
MONSTER SPIRITS, BOY,
ESPECIALLY ABOUT
THE GRANDPAPPY OF
ALL MONSTER SPIRITS,
THE LEGENDARY
CRYSTAL BEAST
RAINBOW DRAGON!
WHY IS THAT?
YOU AIN'T TOO BRIGHT,
ARE YA?
'CAUSE ACCORDING TO
THE LEGEND, WHOEVER
CONTROLS THAT BEAST
DONE CONTROLS THE MOST
POWERFUL FORCE ON EARTH!
AND I GOT NEWS FOR YA.
I'VE SEARCHED
TOO LONG TO LET
THAT HONOR GO TO YOU!
OH, YEAH? WELL,
TO GET YOUR HANDS
ON THE CRYSTAL BEASTS,
YOU HAVE TO GET
THROUGH ME.
WHY DO YA THINK
I HUNTED YOU DOWN, JESSE?
I'VE BEEN PREPARIN'
FOR THIS DUEL
FOR LONGER THAN
YOU CAN IMAGINE.
AND IF YOU HAVEN'T
ALREADY NOTICED,
I PLAN TO TRAP
YOUR FAVORITE
MONSTERS ONE BY ONE.
THEN WHEN ALL
SEVEN CRYSTAL BEASTS
BELONG TO ME,
I'LL FIND ME
THAT TABLET AND UNLOCK
THE SPIRIT OF THE DRAGON.
THAT MONSTER
WILL NEVER BE YOURS!
AND I'LL MAKE SURE
OF IT!
[CHUCKLING]
A JOB WELL DONE, TRAPPER.
I KNEW THAT MR. ANDERSEN HAD
SOME RAGE BURIED WITHIN.
AND THE ANGRIER HE BECOMES,
THE MORE ENERGY HE EXUDES!
[CHUCKLING SINISTERLY]
♪ CHILLING
OUT WITH YOUR CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT
CLASS, THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS
YOU GOT TO LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM
ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET
YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET
YOUR GAME ON ♪